c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber.dll
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber.pdb
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.g.resources
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.dll
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.pdb
c:\users\виктор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber.dll
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber.pdb
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\MatriX.dll
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\MatriX.xml
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.g.resources
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.dll
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.pdb
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\ContactListSettings\StatusImage\online.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\ContactListSettings\StatusImage\online.png
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber.dll
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber.pdb
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\MatriX.dll
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\MatriX.xml
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.g.resources
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.Resources.AppResources.resources
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.dll
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.pdb
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
G:\Download\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\ContactListSettings\StatusImage\online.png
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber.dll
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber.pdb
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Jabber_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\Bin\Debug\MatriX.xml
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.g.resources
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.dll
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\Jabber.pdb
C:\Users\Виктор\Downloads\JabberSinev\Jabber\Jabber\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
